Lao Li, your uremia has reached the middle stage
If you don't go to the big hospital in the provincial capital for good treatment
Your life is gone
Dear villagers
The quadrennial Olympic trials
It will start in a week.
Our village is a strong sports village
The big boss in the provincial capital speaks
If you go out, you can enter the Olympics
shortlist of contestants
Bonus 1 million
It's time for another year of the Olympics.
The girl walked the Shili Mountain Road to fetch water
It also weighs more than 100 catties.
Are you exhausted?
The steamed buns are just steamed, hurry up and eat them.
It's all Dad's inability
I didn't find a profitable career after retiring from injuries
Let you follow me to eat bran throat vegetables
What's wrong with making soup and vegetables?
How well my dad raised me
Well, look at you, you rice bucket
It looks disgusting and smelly
Lin Jianguo
Your sister-in-law and I are here today
It's about the money
money
Brother, when I retired from injury
The team gave me 10,000 yuan in pension
You borrowed it for 20 years
You're finally going to pay me back now, aren't you?
Didn't I just lend you 10,000 yuan?
eldest brother as father
Mother-in-law
What's wrong with your money?
What was the concept of 10,000 yuan 20 years ago?
If my dad hadn't lent you the money
You start your own business.
It must be much better than now
Maybe you still look up to him
Adults don't talk like you, the rice bucket who interrupts
I'll just say it
The team is going to participate in the Olympic selection
Of course you did.
Gotta show it
Not much.
I'll take 2,000 bucks, not too much
2,000 bucks? That's killing me!
Besides, I still want money
Let Wenwen participate in the Olympic trials?
He's trying out for the Olympics.
What's the use of cultivating such a rice bucket?
No matter how well trained
Married people are also the head of the family
I was also trained as a child
I learned weightlifting in the provincial team
He was discharged from prison.
I just came to the village and became a free coach
Our Neighborhood Village
It has become a famous sports village in the province
What do you mean, our family is the main one?
Our whole family is grateful to you
Did I not mean that?
I mean the 2,000 bucks
The icing on the cake for you
But for us
That's all we have.
Who has seen me and found that you are really not a thing
I actually put it here
If you ask for money
When you want to ask for the light, or if it's gone, you can still read your kindness.
If you don't give
From now on, we are enemies
Don't communicate in this life
I'll get it myself
Sister-in-law
Are you all right?
Big brother and sister-in-law
I'm fine
How do you let Wenwen live?
Lin Jianguo, I advise you, Lao Tzu clearly knows
Marry this rice bucket off early in exchange for some bride price.
So that our medical team can participate in the Olympic selection
At that time
You have an Olympic nephew
Can't you tell who is lighter and who is heavier?
No wonder your whole village is the worst
A crippled rice bucket
Deserve to be poor for a lifetime